---
title: "2019 02 18 About Me"
subtitle:    "(Safe for work)"
date: 2019-02-18T11:32:08Z
draft: false
author:      "Mike Charles"
image:       ""
categories:  ["About"]
---

I am a veteran cloud architect with a passion for serverless architecture. I wrote my first programs 35 years ago and I first worked with public cloud 13 years ago, when I was part of the team that designed and built UK1 – Europe’s first Sun Grid Engine. 

Although I consider myself an architect, I'm very hands-on. I've designed and built systems from early Raspberry Pis, up to IBM mainframes and almost everytrhing in between. Most of the code I write these days is unfortunately in provate repos, as it is built for commercial use, but you are welcome to view my [GitHub profile](https://github.com/RIMikeC).

I have amassed extensive management, mentoring and technical leadership experience.  L love working in retail and my previous corporate clients have included many of the UK’s most loved retail brands, including John Lewis, Specsavers, and Selfridges.

Here is the complete collection of companies I've worked for:

 - BP
 - IBM
 - Nomura
 - Standard Chartered Bank
 - Sun Microsystems
 - Sequent
 - Fujitsu
 - Carphone
 - EDF
 - Selfridges
 - JL
 - RI
 - Sansburys
 - Primark

I hold a BSc in Computer Science from Manchester University, but I have steered away from chasing professional qualifications, as I find pratical experience more useful.

I am currently working for the new technology arm of [River Island](https://www.ritechstyle.com/). I am happy with my current job, but also willing to take new challenges if the opportunity matches his career path.

Feel free to connect via [email](bkah blah)
